docs(common): recommend zero debouncedelay in editor templates (#1741)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/gantt/gantt-tree/templates/editor.md

The column's `EditorTemplate` defines the inline template or component that will be rendered when the user is [editing]({%slug gantt-tree-editing%}) the field. It is also used when inserting a new item. The template receives a copy of the model, so that changes can be cancelled with the `Cancel` command.

> You can data bind components in it to the current context, which is an instance to the model the Gantt is bound to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Editor Template, you can data bind components to the current context, which is an instance to the model the Gantt is bound to.
```
